Explain the lifecycle hooks in Angular.
What is Angular? Why was it introduced?
what is Observable in angular?
what is rxjs?
What is TypeScript?
What is data binding? Which type of data binding does Angular deploy?
What are Single Page Applications (SPA)?
Differentiate between Angular and AngularJS
What are decorators in Angular? 
Mention some advantages of Angular.
What are the new updates with Angular10? 
What are Templates in Angular?
What are Annotations in Angular?
What are Directives in Angular?
What is an AOT compilation? What are its advantages?
What are Components in Angular?
What are Pipes in Angular? 
What is the PipeTransform interface?
What are Pure Pipes? 
What are Impure Pipes?
What is an ngModule?
What are filters in Angular? Name a few of them.
What is view encapsulation in Angular?
What are controllers?
What do you understand by scope in Angular?
Explain the lifecycle hooks in Angular
What is String Interpolation in Angular?
What are Template statements?
Explain the @Component Decorator.
What are Services in Angular? 
What are Promises and Observables in Angular? 
What is ngOnInit? How is it defined? 
How to use ngFor in a tag? 
What are Template and Reactive forms?
What is Bootstrap? How is it embedded into Angular? 
What is Eager and Lazy loading?
What type of DOM does Angular implement? 
Why were client-side frameworks like Angular introduced?
How does an Angular application work?
Explain components, modules and services in Angular.	
How are Angular expressions different from JavaScript expressions?
Angular by default, uses client-side rendering for its applications.
How do you share data between components in Angular?
Explain the concept of dependency injection.
What are RxJs in Angular?
What exactly is a parameterized pipe?
What are class decorators?
What are Method decorators?
What are property decorators?
What are router links?
What exactly is the router state?
What does Angular Material mean?
What is transpiling in Angular?
What are HTTP interceptors?
What is a bootstrapping module?
How do you deal with errors in observables?	
How to include SASS into an Angular project?
What is the full form of ng in Angular?
Why were client-side frameworks like Angular introduced?
How does an Angular application work?
What are some of the advantages of Angular over other frameworks?
What are the advantages of Angular over React?
What is two way data binding in Angular?
Explain MVVM architecture
What is AOT compilation? What are the advantages of AOT?
What are HTTP interceptors ?
How is Dependency Hierarchy formed?
What is the option to choose between inline and external templates?
What are template expressions?
What are template statements?
What are custom elements?
What are the mapping rules between the Angular component and the custom element?
What is REST?
Explain how to use HttpClient with an example?
What is view encapsulation in Angular?